yes
GO:0005432	"sodium/calcium exchanger; mitochondrial sodium/calcium ion exchange; sodium:calcium exchange	"
GO:0009523	A photosystem that contains a pheophytin-quinone reaction center with associated accessory pigments and electron carriers. In cyanobacteria and chloroplasts, in the presence of light, PSII functions as a water-plastoquinone oxidoreductase, transferring electrons from water to plastoquinone, whereas other photosynthetic bacteria carry out anoxygenic photosynthesis and oxidize other compounds to re-reduce the photoreaction center.
GO:0009654	A complex, composed of a cluster of manganese, calcium and chloride ions bound to extrinsic proteins, that catalyzes the splitting of water to O2 and 4 H+. In cyanobacteria there are five extrinsic proteins in OEC (PsbO, PsbP-like, PsbQ-like, PsbU and PsbV), while in plants there are only three (PsbO, PsbP and PsbQ).
GO:0009941	The double lipid bilayer enclosing the chloroplast and separating its contents from the rest of the cytoplasm; includes the intermembrane space.
GO:0015979	The synthesis by organisms of organic chemical compounds, especially carbohydrates, from carbon dioxide (CO2) using energy obtained from light rather than from the oxidation of chemical compounds.
GO:0080085	A complex consisting of a protein and RNA component which binds the signal sequence of some proteins and facilitates their export to the chloroplast.
IPR002683	Oxygenic photosynthesis uses two multi-subunit photosystems (I and II) located in the cell membranes of cyanobacteria and in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts in plants and algae. Photosystem II has a P680 reaction centre containing chlorophyll 'a' that uses light energy to carry out the oxidation (splitting) of water molecules, and to produce ATP via a proton pump. Photosystem I (PSI) has a P700 reaction centre containing chlorophyll that takes the electron and associated hydrogen donated from PSII to reduce NADP+ to NADPH. Both ATP and NADPH are subsequently used in the light-independent reactions to convert carbon dioxide to glucose using the hydrogen atom extracted from water by PSII, releasing oxygen as a by-product.
IPR002994	This entry includes SURF1 and Shy1 proteins. The surfeit locus 1 gene (SURF1 or surf-1) encodes a conserved protein of about 300 amino-acid residues that seems to be involved in the biogenesis of cytochrome c oxidase [1]. Vertebrate SURF1 is evolutionary related to yeast protein Shy1, which is a mitochondrial inner membrane protein required for assembly of cytochrome c oxidase [2]. There seems to be two transmembrane regions in these proteins, one in the N-terminal, the other in the C-terminal.
IPR005691	Chloroplast function requires the import of nuclear encoded proteins from the cytoplasm across the chloroplast double membrane. This is accompished by two protein complexes, the Toc complex located at the outer membrane and the Tic complex loacted at the inner membrane [1]. The Toc complex recognises specific proteins by a cleavable N-terminal sequence and is primarily responsible for translocation through the outer membrane, while the Tic complex translocates the protein through the inner membrane.
IPR006050	The photolyase/cryptochrome family consists of flavoproteins that perform various functions using blue-light photons as an energie source. It is present in all three domains of life, that is, archaea, eubacteria, and eukaryotes, and hence has arisen very early during evolution to protect genomes against the genotoxic effects of ultraviolet light originating from the sun. The photolyase/cryptochrome family is divided into two major groups: photolyases and cryptochromes. Photolyases repair cytotoxic and mutagenic UV-induced photolesions in DNA in many species from bacteria to plants and animals by using a light-dependent repair mechanism. It involves light absorption, electron transfer from an excited reduced and deprotanated FADH(-) to the flipped-out photolesion, followed by the fragmentation of the photolesions. Cryptochromes are highly related proteins that generally no longer repair damaged DNA, but function as photoreceptors. Cryptochromes regulate growth and development in plants and the circadian clock in animals [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7].
IPR008432	COX5C is one of the nuclear-coded polypeptide chains of cytochrome c oxidase, the terminal oxidase in mitochondrial electron transport 
IPR014946	Chlororespiratory reduction 6 is a factor required for the assembly or stabilisation of the chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex in Arabidopsis [1].
IPR018881	This family includes mitochondrial protein C2orf69 from human, previously known as UPF0565, which is an important regulator of human mitochondrial function and may play a role in the respiratory chain and other metabolic pathways [1].
IPR019342	Proteins in this entry form part of the NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex I. Complex I is the first multisubunit inner membrane protein complex of the mitochondrial electron transport chain and it transfers two electrons from NADH to ubiquinone. The mammalian complex I is composed of 45 different subunits. The proteins in this entry represent a component of the iron-sulphur (IP) fragment of the enzyme, that is not involved in catalysis. These proteins carry four highly conserved cysteine residues, but these do not appear to be in a configuration which would favour metal binding, so the exact function of the protein is uncertain [1].
IPR027640	Kinesin [1, 2, 3] is a microtubule-associated force-producing protein that play a role in organelle transport. The kinesin motor activity is directed toward the microtubule's plus end. Kinesin is an oligomeric complex composed of two heavy chains and two light chains. The maintenance of the quaternary structure does not require interchain disulphide bonds.
IPR030300	This entry represents chloroplast signal-recognition particle 43kDa protein (CpSRP43). In Arabidopsis, CpSRP43 (AT2G47450, CAO) is a component of the chloroplast signal recognition particle pathway that is involved in LHCP (light-harvesting chlorophyll a/b-binding protein) targeting. LHCPs are synthesised in the cytoplasm, and after import into the chloroplast, they are targeted and inserted into the thylakoid membrane. In addition, CpSRP43 functions as a chaperone preventing aggregation of LHCP following import into the chloroplast
IPR037930	Tom40 forms a channel in the mitochondrial outer membrane with a pore about 1.5 to 2.5 nanometers wide. It functions as a transport channel for unfolded protein chains and forms a complex with Tom5, Tom6, Tom7, and Tom22. The primary receptors Tom20 and Tom70 recruit the unfolded precursor protein from the mitochondrial-import stimulating factor (MSF) or cytosolic Hsc70. The precursor passes through the Tom40 channel and through another channel in the inner membrane, formed by Tim23, to be finally translocated into the mitochondrial matrix. The process depends on a proton motive force across the inner membrane and requires a contact site where the outer and inner membranes come close [1]. Tom40 is also involved in inserting outer membrane proteins into the membrane, most likely not via a lateral opening in the pore, but by transfering precursor proteins to an outer membrane sorting and assembly machinery [2].
	
maybe
GO:0010114	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a red light stimulus. Red light is electromagnetic radiation of wavelength of 580-700nm. An example of this response is seen at the beginning of many plant species developmental stages. These include germination, and the point when cotyledon expansion is triggered. In certain species these processes take place in response to absorption of red light by the pigment molecule phytochrome, but the signal can be reversed by exposure to far red light. During the initial phase the phytochrome molecule is only present in the red light absorbing form, but on absorption of red light it changes to a far red light absorbing form, triggering progress through development. An immediate short period of exposure to far red light entirely returns the pigment to its initial state and prevents triggering of the developmental process. A thirty minute break between red and subsequent far red light exposure renders the red light effect irreversible, and development then occurs regardless of whether far red light exposure subsequently occurs. 
GO:0010218	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of far red light stimulus. Far red light is electromagnetic radiation of wavelength 700-800nm. An example of this response is seen at the beginning of many plant species developmental stages. These include germination, and the point when cotyledon expansion is triggered. In certain species these processes take place in response to absorption of red light by the pigment molecule phytochrome, but the signal can be reversed by exposure to far red light. During the initial phase the phytochrome molecule is only present in the red light absorbing form, but on absorption of red light it changes to a far red light absorbing form, triggering progress through development. An immediate short period of exposure to far red light entirely returns the pigment to its initial state and prevents triggering of the developmental process. A thirty minute break between red and subsequent far red light exposure renders the red light effect irreversible, and development then occurs regardless of whether far red light exposure subsequently occurs. 
GO:0010275	The aggregation, arrangement and bonding together of a set of components to form NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex, which is involved in electron transport from an unidentified electron donor, possibly NAD(P)H or ferredoxin(Fd) to the plastoquinone pool.
GO:0010729	Any process that increases the rate, frequency or extent of hydrogen peroxide biosynthesis. The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), a potentially harmful byproduct of aerobic cellular respiration which can cause damage to DNA
GO:0042542	Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) stimulus.
GO:0090227	Any process that modulates the rate, frequency or extent of the red or far-red signaling pathway, the series of molecular signals initiated upon sensing by photoreceptor molecules of red light or far red light
IPR006068	P-ATPases (also known as E1-E2 ATPases) (3.6.3.-) are found in bacteria and in a number of eukaryotic plasma membranes and organelles [1]. P-ATPases function to transport a variety of different compounds, including ions and phospholipids, across a membrane using ATP hydrolysis for energy. There are many different classes of P-ATPases, which transport specific types of ion: H+, Na+, K+, Mg2+, Ca2+, Ag+ and Ag2+, Zn2+, Co2+, Pb2+, Ni2+, Cd2+, Cu+ and Cu2+. P-ATPases can be composed of one or two polypeptides, and can usually assume two main conformations called E1 and E2.
IPR019794	Peroxidases are haem-containing enzymes that use hydrogen peroxide as the electron acceptor to catalyse a number of oxidative reactions. Most haem peroxidases follow the reaction scheme: Fe3+ + H2O2 --> [Fe4+=O]R' (Compound I) + H2O [Fe4+=O]R' + substrate --> [Fe4+=O]R (Compound II) + oxidised substrate [Fe4+=O]R + substrate --> Fe3+ + H2O + oxidised substrate....Haem peroxidases include two superfamilies: one found in bacteria, fungi, plants and the second found in animals. The first one can be viewed as consisting of 3 major classes. Class I, the intracellular peroxidases, includes: yeast cytochrome c peroxidase (CCP), a soluble protein found in the mitochondrial electron transport chain, where it probably protects against toxic peroxides; ascorbate peroxidase (AP), the main enzyme responsible for hydrogen peroxide removal in chloroplasts and cytosol of higher plants; and bacterial catalase- peroxidases, exhibiting both peroxidase and catalase activities. It is thought that catalase-peroxidase provides protection to cells under oxidative stress [3].
IPR036134	This entry represents a multi-helical domain, composed of two alpha subdomains, found in the C terminus of the cryptochrome proteins and DNA photolyases. It acts as a FAD-binding domain [1]...The cryptochrome and photolyase families consist of structurally related flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) proteins that use the absorption of blue light to accomplish different tasks. The photolyasess use the blue light for light-driven electron transfer to repair UV-damaged DNA, while the cryptochromes are blue-light photoreceptors involved in the circadian clock for plants and animals [2, 3].
IPR036155	The photolyase/cryptochrome family consists of flavoproteins that perform various functions using blue-light photons as an energie source. It is present in all three domains of life, that is, archaea, eubacteria, and eukaryotes, and hence has arisen very early during evolution to protect genomes against the genotoxic effects of ultraviolet light originating from the sun. The photolyase/cryptochrome family is divided into two major groups: photolyases and cryptochromes. Photolyases repair cytotoxic and mutagenic UV-induced photolesions in DNA in many species from bacteria to plants and animals by using a light-dependent repair mechanism. It involves light absorption, electron transfer from an excited reduced and deprotanated FADH(-) to the flipped-out photolesion, followed by the fragmentation of the photolesions. Cryptochromes are highly related proteins that generally no longer repair damaged DNA, but function as photoreceptors. Cryptochromes regulate growth and development in plants and the circadian clock in animal
